## Higher-order Learning replication files 

-----

This repository contains all the data, code, and replication files for Evdokimov and Garfagnini (2021). Open the Jupyter notebook for a complete walkthrough of the replication, or download the `.py` files and the dataset (`data_ee.csv`) to replicate the figures and tables in the paper. 

### Variables 

The  dataset in `data_ee.csv` contains the following variables:

<ul> 
<li><code>mturk</code>: dummy variable to denote whether the observation is from the lab sessions (<code>mturk</code> =  0) or online sessions (<code>mturk</code> =  1);</li> 
<li><code>private</code>: dummy variable to denote whether the observation belongs to a session with public signals (<code>private</code> =  0) or private signals (<code>private</code> =  1);</li> 
<li><code>long</code>: dummy variable to denote whether the observation is from the long treatment in which subjects observe 10 signals per period (<code>long</code> =  1) or not (<code>long</code> =  0);</li> 
<li><code>ses</code>: variable to denote the session the observation belongs to;</li> 
<li><code>round</code>: variable to denote the round number. For observations in the lab sessions, this variable takes a number between 1 and 3. For observations in the online sessions, this variable is always equal to 1 as those subjects only went through one round of the experiment;</li> 
<li><code>gameperiod</code>: variable to denote the period (within a round) to which the observation belongs. This variable takes integer values between 1 and 30;</li> 
<li><code>group</code>: for all observations within the same session, this variable takes the same value for observations associated with subjects in the same group;</li> 
<li><code>type</code>: for observations in the lab treatment, this variable denote whether the subject was assigned the role of Player 1 (<code>type</code> =  1), Player 2 (<code>type</code> =  2) or Player 3 (<code>type</code> =  3). For online subjects, there is no distinction between player roles as each subjects played both roles so the values of the `type| variable are simply the labels assigned by oTree to the subject during the matching process but contain no actual meaning;</li> 
<li><code>subject</code>: this variable contains an identifier for a subject in a given group of a given session. zTree assigns non-unique numbers for group types so the same numbers repeat across session. For observations in the online session, `subject| contains an alphanumeric string automatically generated by oTree;</li> 
<li><code>payperiod</code>: this variable denotes the randomly selected period of a round used for payment;</li> 
<li><code>paygame</code>: this variable denotes the randomly selected round used for payment. As subject in the lab sessions went through three rounds of plays in which they only made one decision, this variable can take any integer value between 1 and 3. By contrast, online subjects went through only one round of play but made two decisions in each period. So, for online subjects, this variable is either 1 (if first-order guess is selected for payment) or 2 (if second-order guess is selected for payment). </li> 
<li><code>k</code>: this variable denotes a uniform draw from the interval $[0,1]$ which is used to implement the Binarized scoring rule;</li> 
<li><code>urn</code>: this variable takes the value 1 if the state of the world is orange, and 2 otherwise;</li> 
<li><code>q1, q2, q3, q4</code>: answers to the quiz questions in the lab sessions. These variables are not defined for the online treatments;</li> 
<li><code>guess</code>: this variable denote the guess made by a given subject. For the lab treatments, the interpretation of this variable depends on the type of the player:
<ul>
    <li> For subjects in the role of Player 1 (<code>type</code> =  1), `guess| denotes the subject's guess about the state of the world; </li> 
    <li> For subjects in the role of Player 2 (<code>type</code> =  2), `guess| denotes the subject's guess about the guess of the subject in the role of Player 1 from the same group;</li> 
    <li> For subjects in the role of Player 3 (<code>type</code> =  3), `guess| denotes the subject's guess about the guess of the subject in the role of Player 2 from the same group;</li> 
</ul>
For the online treatment, `guess` always denotes the subject's guess about the state of the world;</li> 
<li><code>guess2</code>: this variable is only defined for subjects in the online treatments. It denotes a subject's guess about the partner's guess of the state of the world;</li> 
<li><code>orange</code>: for subjects in all treatments except the long public treatment, this is a dummy variable equal to 1 if the current draw the urn is \textit{orange}, and 0 otherwise. It represents the color of the signal observed by the subject in a given period of a given round;</li> 
<li><code>rt</code>: For subjects in the lab treatment, this variable denote the decision time (in seconds) of a subject's only decision in a given period of a given round. zTree displayed a clock on the subject's screen which starts counting down from 30 seconds and continues the countdown whenever the subject takes longer than 30 seconds. zTree records the number of seconds, s, remaining for the decision once a decision is made, with a negative number indicating that the subject exceeded 30 seconds. Therefore, the actual decision time is given by $|s - 30|$ second. For online subjects, this variable denotes the decision time (in seconds) of a subject's first-order guess;</li> 
<li><code>rt2</code>: this variable is only defined for subjects in the online treatments. It denotes the decision time of a subject's second-order guess;</li> 
<li><code>unique</code>: this variable denotes a subject's unique identifier for the entire dataset regardless of the session or group.</li> 
</ul>